# recursive_trees
Recursive trees painted with MATLAB.

Based on an exercise from the module Fundamentals of Programming from my undergraduate studies, I created these MATLAB scripts and functions to create various recursive trees. The exercise was originally solved in Java.

Functions:
- coloured_trees.m contains the function coloured_trees(Ax,Ay,Bx,By,s,r), which recursively creates a tree with a colored trunk and colored leaves.

- trees_coloured_leaves.m contains the function trees_coloured_leaves(Ax,Ay,Bx,By,s,r), which recursively creates a tree with a black trunk and colored leaves. 

	- Ax, Ay, Bx, By describe the position of the root of the tree.
	- s describes the slope of the triangle, which lies between three squares. s can have values between 0.2 and 0.8.
	- r If r is true, the slope of the triangle is chosen randomly.

Scripts:
- generate_tree.m: Depending on the variables number_of_trees and use_coloured_trees, this script generates a defined number of images with one tree each.

- generate_tree_par.m: Depending on the variables number_of_trees and use_coloured_trees, this script generates a defined number of images with one tree each. The trees are generated by parallel workers.

- generate_trees.m: Depending on the number_of_images and use_coloured_trees variables, this script generates a defined number of images with two rows of trees each. The first row contains six trees and the second row contains five trees.

- generate_trees_par.m: Depending on the number_of_images and use_coloured_trees variables, this script generates a defined number of images with two rows of trees each. The first row contains six trees and the second row contains five trees. The images are generated by parallel workers.